Announcer: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH! 5D's!
Yusei:
SO, YOU'RE BARB--THE ONE
WHO WROTE ME THE LETTER
ABOUT SAVING MY OLD FRIEND?
YES.
HE NEEDS YOU.
AND I'M ONLY
TRYING TO HELP.
♪
LET'S DO THIS.
UNLEASH YOUR FURY,
DOOM DRAGON!
♪
AAH! UNH!
Kalin, thinking:
WHATEVER HAPPENS NOW
IS DESTINED TO BE.
STARDUST DRAGON, ATTACK
WITH COSMIC FLARE!
♪
Kalin, thinking:
AT LAST. I WILL MEET
THE FATE THAT I DESERVE,
THE JUSTICE
I'VE LONGED FOR.
Barbara:
IF YOU CAN SOMEHOW MANAGE
TO DEFEAT KALIN IN A DUEL,
THEN I HAVE THE TOOLS
TO FREE HIM BEFORE
HE'S BANISHED TO
THAT MINE FOREVER.
[EXPLOSION]
♪
[GROANING]
BARBARA, NOW!
AAH!
[CHUCKLES]
WHY?
♪
IT CAN'T BE.
LAWTON!
Malcolm:
SORRY, STRANGER.
GUESS WE SHOULD
HAVE TOLD YOU.
THE PLAN ALL ALONG WAS
FOR MY KID BROTHER, LAWTON,
TO COME INTO TOWN
AND GIVE IT TO THESE
RADLEY BUNCH BUFFOONS.
BUT IN ORDER TO DO
THAT, WE HAD TO GET
RID OF KALIN FIRST.
THAT'S WHY I
CONTACTED YOU.
Lawton: TAKE HIM
AWAY, BOYS.
[GROANS]
♪
THEY TOOK HIM!
Man: WELCOME
TO THE MINES.
♪
I DON'T PLAN ON
STAYING HERE.
AND YOU
SHOULDN'T EITHER.
I SAW A TUNNEL
BEHIND SOME GEAR.
IF WE COULD SOMEHOW
MANAGE TO SNEAK
OFF INTO IT,
WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO FIND A WAY OUT.
I'M SORRY, YUSEI,
BUT I PUT MY FUTURE
IN FATE'S HANDS,
AND FATE HAS
LANDED ME HERE.
WELL, YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE THAT FATE'S
ALSO GONNA
BUST YOU OUT!
♪
[CHATTER]
HUH?
HEY! THAT
YUSEI FELLA,
HIS DUEL RUNNER.
IT WAS JUST HERE,
BUT NOW IT'S GONE.
AH, THAT GUY'S STUCK
IN THE MINES FOR
THE REST OF HIS LIFE.
SO WHAT?
SO, I SMELL A RAT,
AND I DON'T LIKE RATS.
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
IF WE'RE GONNA RESCUE
OUR DAD FROM THE MINES,
THEN WE'RE GONNA
NEED SOME HELP.
AND WHO BETTER TO HAVE
OUR BACKS THAN KALIN
AND THAT YUSEI FELLA.
RIGHT! THE BOTH OF
THEM ARE ROUGH
AND TOUGH DUELISTS.
AND WITH THIS HERE
DUEL RUNNER,
THEY'LL BE
EVEN TOUGHER.
West: LET'S JUST HOPE
WE CAN FIND 'EM.
♪
[GRUNTING]
[SIREN]
HEY, GUYS.
QUITTING TIME,
FELLAS.
WE'LL TAKE OVER
GUARD DUTIES
FROM HERE ON OUT.
♪
OK, NOW'S OUR CHANCE.
KALIN, I SAID
THAT FATE
WAS GONNA BUST YOU
OUT OF HERE.
WELL, JUST CALL
ME FATE.
[KALIN GASPING]
LEAVE ME. YUSEI!
GUARDING THESE TWERPS
IS SO EASY.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
Guard:
IT'S ALMOST
NOT FAIR
HOW MUCH SMARTER
WE ARE THAN THEM.
Second guard:
TOTALLY.
♪
AH!
A WAY OUT! PERFECT.
♪
[GRUNTING]
FINALLY.
WE'RE FREE.
[GROANING]
♪
I TOLD YOU, I DON'T
WANT TO BE FREE!
LET GO!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
♪
HUH?
WHAT IN THE WORLD.
WHERE ARE WE?
♪
Yusei: THIS PLACE,
I'VE BEEN HERE BEFORE,
WHEN I FIRST
ARRIVED TO THIS TOWN.
SOME MEN, THEY WERE
TRYING TO MAKE A RUN
FOR IT, TRYING TO ESCAPE,
ONLY THEY WERE CAUGHT.
♪
[GRUNTS]
SO, IN SOME WAY,
THESE DUEL DISKS
SERVE AS A MEMORY
TO THEIR PAST
DUELING DAYS.
AND TO THE FREEDOM
THEY'VE LOST.
BUT WHAT DO YOU CARE
ANYWAY, KALIN?
DON'T YOU SEE, YUSEI?
IT'S MY FAULT THESE MEN
LOST THEIR FREEDOM
BECAUSE I BEAT THEM.
DUEL AFTER DUEL,
I SENT THEM ALL
TO THIS MOUNTAIN.
♪
KALIN.
[WHEELS ROLLING]
HUH?
[GRUNTING]
IS THAT YOU, WEST?
NICO?
-IT'S KALIN!
-AND YUSEI!
WHAT ARE YOU TWO
DOING ALL THE WAY
OUT HERE ALONE?
[CHUCKLES]
WE'RE HERE TO HELP.
WE KNEW YOU TWO WOULD
BUST OUT OF THOSE MINES.
LOOK, WE BROUGHT
YOUR RUNNER, TOO.
WE WERE THINKING IT
MIGHT COME IN HANDY.
THAT WAS VERY FOOLISH.
WHAT IF YOU TWO
HAD BEEN CAUGHT?
WHY TAKE SUCH A RISK?
BECAUSE YOU'RE
THE ONLY HERO WE HAVE
IN THIS TOWN, KALIN.
WE JUST HAD TO TRY
AND HELP.
'CAUSE WITHOUT YOU,
WE WOULDN'T HAVE
A CHANCE.
♪
YOU MEAN A CHANCE
TO RESCUE YOUR
FATHER FROM THE MINES,
DON'T YOU, NICO?
I SURE DO.
AFTER ALL, EARLIER
HE AND SOME OTHERS
TRIED TO GET OUT
BY THEMSELVES BUT FAILED.
Yusei, thinking:
WAIT A SECOND.
THOSE MEN I SAW
TRYING TO ESCAPE
WHEN I FIRST GOT HERE.
THAT NECKLACE!
IT WAS MY FATHER'S.
ARE YOU SURE?
LET ME SEE!
IT'S HIS, ALL RIGHT!
FOR SURE!
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
HOW'D YOU GET THIS?
IS OUR FATHER
ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
West: WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
DON'T KNOW?
WERE YOU JUST PLANNING
TO ESCAPE FOR YOURSELF?
WHAT ABOUT ALL
THE OTHER PRISONERS?
WHAT, WERE YOU JUST
GONNA LEAVE THEM ALL?
THEY DESERVE THEIR
FREEDOM, TOO, YOU KNOW.
WEST IS RIGHT, KALIN.
I'M NOT LEAVING,
NOT WITHOUT
SAVING THE OTHERS.
SO, THEN WHAT, YOU'RE
GOING TO SET THEM FREE?
IT'S NOT THAT EASY.
I KNOW THAT IT WON'T
BE EASY, BUT STILL.
-HUH?
I KNOW I CAN REMOVE
THE RESTRICTOR COLLARS,
AND AT LEAST
THAT'S A START.
A START?
YOU'LL NEED
MORE THAN THAT.
I KNOW THAT I WILL.
BUT IT'S HOPELESS
IN THOSE MINES,
SO I'LL JUST
HAVE TO MAKE UP
THE REST AS I GO.
AFTER ALL, IF WE DON'T
HELP THEM, WHO WILL?
WHAT DO YOU SAY, KALIN?
ARE YOU IN OR OUT?
YUSEI, YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE
GETTING YOURSELF INTO.
[VEHICLE APPROACHES]
[GASPS]
♪
OH, NO!
I HAD A HUNCH IN
MY GUT THAT YUSEI FELLA
WOULDN'T JUST LAY DOWN
AND WORK THE MINES LIKE
A GOOD LITTLE PRISONER.
AND THAT HUNCH WAS RIGHT.
THERE HE IS, BOYS.
-LET'S GET HIM!
-WE'RE ON IT, BOSS!
-KALIN, THE KIDS!
-RIGHT.
THIS WAY,
YOU TWO!
♪
WHERE YOU GOIN'?
NOT SO FAST!
♪
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLING]
SO, ARE WE GONNA
DUEL OR WHAT?
A DUEL, HUH?
WITH PLEASURE.
♪
I HOPE YOU'RE
READY, PARTNER.
YOU KNOW
WHAT'S AT STAKE.
OH, AND WHAT IS THAT?
WHY, YOUR FREEDOM,
OF COURSE!
SO BE IT.
AND NOW TO SET THE
STAGE FOR THIS DUEL!
GO, SPEED WORLD 2.
Computer: DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
Both: NOW LET'S DO THIS!
I THINK I'LL TAKE
THE FIRST TURN.
HERE IT GOES!
♪
I SUMMON OUT
GATLING OGRE!
♪
[GROWLS]
Yusei, thinking:
THAT MONSTER.
HE USED IT AGAINST
RADLEY FOR HIS SPECIAL
ONE-TURN TAKEDOWN.
FOR EVERY FACE-DOWN CARD
HE SENDS TO THE GRAVEYARD,
IT DEALS 800
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[LAWTON CHUCKLING]
I SEND EFFECT VEILER
FROM MY HAND TO THE GRAVE
AND PLAY
ITS ABILITY.
♪
NOW, UNTIL THIS
TURN'S END PHASE,
THE ABILITY OF
ONE MONSTER ON YOUR
FIELD IS NEGATED.
Lawton, thinking:
NOW I CAN'T DO
THE TAKEDOWN,
BUT STILL.
Lawton:
I PLACE FIVE FACE-DOWNS!
Yusei, thinking:
SOMETHING'S UP.
HE SEEMS UNFAZED.
THAT'S MY TURN.
Kalin:
FASTER. COME ON!
♪
Man: YOU CAN RUN.
Second man:
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE!
OH, NO.
♪
IT'S MY TURN!
Yusei, thinking:
THAT GATLING OGRE'S SPECIAL
ABILITY MAY PACK A PUNCH,
BUT ITS ATTACK POINTS
SURE DON'T.
MY BEST CHANCE IS TO SUMMON
A STRONGER MONSTER
AND TAKE IT DOWN.
I SEND ONE MONSTER
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
KNOWN AS QUICKDRAW
SYNCHRON.
♪
I CAN USE THIS MONSTER
AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL
IN PLACE OF
A TUNER MONSTER WITH
SYNCHRON IN ITS NAME.
♪
THAT'S PRETTY
RESOURCEFUL OF YOU,
BUT YOU NEED MORE
THAN THE RIGHT CARDS
TO SUMMON A MONSTER.
YOU ALSO NEED
THE RIGHT AMOUNT
OF ROOM AVAILABLE.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
NARROW TUNNEL.
NOW WE CAN BOTH
ONLY SUMMON UP TO
ONE MONSTER PER TURN,
AND IF THERE'S MORE THAN ONE
MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD, WELL,
YOU JUST HAVE TO DESTROY
ALL BUT JUST ONE OF 'EM.
Yusei, thinking:
NOT GOOD.
MY SYNCHRO MATERIAL
IS WORTHLESS
IF I CAN'T SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER.
BUT THAT MAY BE
THE LEAST OF MY PROBLEMS.
I HAVE THAT
GATLING OGRE'S SPECIAL
ABILITY TO WORRY ABOUT
NEXT TURN.
HE'S ALREADY
ACTIVATED ONE TRAP,
SO HE NOW ONLY HAS
FOUR FACE-DOWNS TO USE.
THAT IS, UNLESS HE
DRAWS ANOTHER TRAP.
THEN HE'LL
HAVE FIVE,
AND THAT'S ENOUGH
TO TAKE DOWN
ALL OF MY LIFE POINTS.
♪
Yusei: I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
♪
HA HA!
Yusei, thinking:
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO HIS NEXT DRAW.
♪
[GRUNTING]
I'M SORRY ABOUT
ALL OF THIS, KALIN.
SORRY?
YES, IT'S OUR FAULT
THEY FOUND US.
IT'S OK. YOU JUST
WANTED TO FREE YOUR DAD.
IT'S NOT RIGHT
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
♪
NOW RUN!
'CAUSE IF THESE
GOONS CATCH US,
WE'LL NEVER GET
TO DUEL AGAIN!
♪
[MEN CHUCKLING]
[WHIMPERING]
NO.
HUH?
QUICK. GET IN THE CART!
♪
[BOTH GROAN]
[GRUNTING]
♪
OH, MAN!
STEP ON IT!
♪
IT'S MY DRAW.
Yusei, thinking:
AND IF IT'S A DRAW
THAT PULLS A TRAP,
I'M DONE FOR.
♪
AH, IT'S NOT A TRAP.
SO I CAN'T TAKE
YOU DOWN THIS ROUND.
BUT I CAN STILL TAKE
DOWN A MAJOR CHUNK
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
GO, GATLING BLAST!
♪
Yusei:
AAH! AAH!
AAH!
Yusei, thinking:
THAT WAS BAD, BUT
IT WOULD'VE BEEN WORSE
IF LAWTON HAD
FIVE TRAP CARDS OUT.
I NEED TO GET RID
OF THAT OGRE.
I'M NOW GETTING
RID OF MY OGRE.
Yusei: WHAT? WHY WOULD
YOU RELEASE SUCH
A POWERFUL MONSTER?
SO I CAN SUMMON ONE
WITH EVEN MORE POWER.
COME OUT,
FULL ARMOR OGRE.
♪
Computer:
WHEN FULL ARMOR OGRE IS SENT
FROM THE FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU CAN SUMMON ONE GATLING OGRE
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD.
♪
BET YOU WEREN'T
READY FOR THAT.
SEE, YUSEI, YOU DO HAVE
SOME SKILLS AS A DUELIST.
BUT COMPARED TO ME,
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT A TENDERFOOT.
NOW ATTACK
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON.
♪
Yusei, thinking:
THAT OGRE HAS
1,600 ATTACK POINTS.
IF HE HITS WITH THIS ATTACK,
I'M DONE FOR.
Lawton: BLAST AWAY!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD
DESPERATE TAG.
YOU MAY HAVE DESTROYED
MY MONSTER IN BATTLE,
BUT ALL DAMAGE
IS NOW CANCELED,
AND I CAN SUMMON
A LEVEL-4 OR BELOW WARRIOR
DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD
FROM MY HAND.
SO, MAX WARRIOR,
COME ON OUT.
♪
LIKE A LAMB
TO THE SLAUGHTER.
HUH?
I ACTIVATE
MY OGRE'S ABILITY.
WHEN IT DESTROYS
A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
YOU TAKE 1,000 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
NOT IF I PLAY THIS TRAP--
RETURN MARKER.
NOW, ONCE PER TURN,
I CAN NEGATE ANY DAMAGE GIVEN
BY WAY OF ONE OF
YOUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES.
AND THEN YOU TAKE
DIRECT DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
RATS! MY ARMOR OGRE'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE 1,600.
♪
[LAWTON GROANING]
I END MY TURN.
Yusei, thinking:
I HAVE 800 LIFE POINTS
AND HAVE ALREADY SURPASSED SPEED
WORLD 2's SAFETY LINE.
SINCE THERE ARE
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
ALL LAWTON NEEDS
IS A SPEED SPELL
AND I'LL TAKE
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE,
WHICH MEANS
THIS DUEL WILL BE OVER.
YUSEI, I SEE IT
WRITTEN ON YOUR FACE.
YOU JUST REALIZE
THERE'S NO POSSIBLE
WAY YOU CAN WIN.
♪
West and Nico: WHOA!
OH! OOH!
♪
WHOA! OH!
I'LL SHRED THAT
MINE CART IN HALF.
YOU JUST TRY IT!
YEAH! STAY BACK!
UGH! YOU'LL PAY
FOR THAT!
♪
I DON'T THINK SO,
YOU JERK!
♪
Man: OW! THAT HURT!
WATCH WHERE
YOU'RE GOING!
GOT 'EM!
WOW, WEST. YOU'RE PRETTY
TOUGH FOR JUST A KID.
I'M TOUGH FROM
WATCHING YOU, KALIN.
YOU TAUGHT ME A LOT
ABOUT HOW TO DEAL
WITH TROUBLE.
YEAH, YOU TAUGHT
US BOTH A LOT.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HOW HAVE I TAUGHT
YOU ANYTHING?
YOU HARDLY KNOW ME.
WRONG. WE KNOW
ALL THAT WE
NEED TO KNOW.
WE KNOW THAT YOU
NEVER GIVE UP
IN A DUEL
AND THAT NO MATTER
WHAT, YOU ALWAYS
KEEP FIGHTING.
♪
AND SEEING YOU DO
THAT MADE ME BELIEVE
THAT I COULD DO IT
AS WELL, KALIN.
KEEP FIGHTING
FOR MY FATHER
NO MATTER HOW BAD
THINGS LOOK.
YOU TAUGHT ME IF
YOU KEEP FIGHTING,
YOU CAN'T LOSE.
INFERNITY DOOM DRAGON,
ATTACK THAT STARDUST DRAGON!
GO, INFERNAL FLAME BLAST.
SO, NOW I KEEP FIGHTING
FOR EVERYTHING
I BELIEVE IN.
AND, KALIN, I
BELIEVE IN YOU!
YOU SHOULDN'T.
I'VE DONE SOME TERRIBLE
THINGS IN THE PAST--
THINGS THAT...THAT
I'M NOT PROUD OF,
THINGS THAT I NEED
TO PAY FOR.
NO, YOU'RE
A GOOD GUY.
YEAH, IT'S TRUE.
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN KIND,
AT LEAST TO US.
♪
[GASPS]
Man: ALL RIGHT...
THIS TIME YOU'RE MINE!
♪
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING, KALIN?
IF WE SLOW DOWN,
THEY'RE GONNA CATCH US!
[GRUNTING]
♪
-AAH!
-UGH!
Men: YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S HOW YOU
TAKE A TURN!
Kalin, thinking:
I FEEL LIKE I'VE
TAKEN A TURN, TOO,
FOR THE BETTER.
AFTER ALL, IF THESE KIDS
CAN SEE THE GOOD INSIDE ME,
MAYBE I CAN, TOO.
-LOOK THERE!
-WHAT IS THAT THING?
♪
HUH?
[KIDS SCREAMING]
WHOA!
UNH! UNH!
♪
[KIDS COUGHING]
Guard: HEY!
DON'T TRY
ANYTHING OR ELSE.
HE TOOK OFF
HIS COLLAR.
GET YOUR HANDS UP
OR GET SHOCK BLASTED.
♪
Kalin, thinking:
ANOTHER MINE.
COULD THEIR
FATHER BE HERE?
♪
Guard: LET'S GO,
YOU THREE.
KEEP IT MOVIN'!
Nico: KALIN.
West: WHAT DO WE DO?
JUST BE READY
FOR MY SIGNAL.
WHEN I GIVE IT, YOU TWO
FIND ANOTHER MINE CART
AND GET OUT OF HERE.
BUT WHAT ABOUT YOU?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I CAN TAKE CARE
OF MYSELF JUST FINE.
NOW ENOUGH CHITCHAT.
IT'S GO TIME!
[GRUNTING]
RUN!
♪
GO!
HURRY UP, YOU TWO.
GET IN THE CART!
WHAT'S THE HOLDUP?
West: OVER THERE.
Nico: IT'S HIM.
IS--IS THAT YOU,
CHILDREN?
-I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
-FATHER!
[KIDS LAUGHING]
IT'S FATE.
IT LED US RIGHT TO HIM.
[PISTOL FIRES]
COME ON, YOU TWO.
YOU NEED TO RUN.
HOW 'BOUT OUR DAD?
FORGET ME. JUST GO!
BUT WE JUST FOUND YOU.
WE CAN'T LEAVE!
YEAH, WEST IS RIGHT.
IF WE GO, HE GOES.
THAT'S THAT.
THEN, EVERYONE,
FOLLOW ME!
LET'S GO!
♪
[KALIN GRUNTS]
QUICK, BREAK OUT
THE DUEL RUNNERS.
♪
West: HERE THEY COME!
A BUNCH OF THEM, TOO.
I'VE MISSED YOU.
Kalin, thinking: AND
UNLESS WE FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO SLIP THESE GUARDS,
WE'LL MISS OUR
ONE CHANCE AT ESCAPE.
♪
NOW IT'S MY TURN!
AND BY RELEASING
THE WARRIOR-TYPE
MONSTER MAX WARRIOR,
I CAN SUMMON
TURRET WARRIOR!
♪
NOW TURRET WARRIOR
GAINS ATTACK POINTS
EQUAL TO THOSE OF THE MONSTER
I JUST RELEASED.
SO, SINCE MAX WARRIOR HAD
1,800 ATTACK POINTS,
TURRET WARRIOR'S
OFFENSIVE POWER
IS NOW 3,000.
WHAT?
NOW, TURRET WARRIOR,
ATTACK FULL ARMOR OGRE.
GO, RAPID BLAST BARRAGE.
♪
[GROANING]
OK. SO YOU DESTROYED
MY FULL ARMOR OGRE.
BUT SINCE YOU DID,
I'M NOW ALLOWED
TO BRING A MONSTER
THAT WILL BLAST YOUR
LIFE POINTS DOWN TO ZERO.
♪
THIS GUY AGAIN?
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
AND STARTING
NEXT TURN, I'LL HAVE
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
WHICH MEANS SINCE YOU'RE
OVER THE SAFETY LINE,
THE MOMENT I DRAW
A SPEED SPELL,
YOU'RE A GONER.
AND IF I DRAW
A TRAP CARD,
THANKS TO
GATLING OGRE'S ABILITY,
IT'LL BE
LIGHTS OUT, TOO.
IN OTHER WORDS, YUSEI, NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS ON THIS NEXT DRAW--
HA HA!--
IT'S GOING TO BE
GAME OVER FOR YOU!
[LAWTON LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
♪